chore: update pull-request template (#3570)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Description

<!--
Please write a summary of your changes and why you made them.
This section will appear as the commit message after merging.
Please craft it accordingly.
For a quick primer on good commit mesages, check out this blog post: https://cbea.ms/git-commit/

Please include any relevant issues in here, for example:

Related https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/issues/ABCD.
Fixes https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/issues/XYZ.
-->

## Notes & open questions

<!--

> Any notes, remarks or open questions you have to make about the PR which don't need to go into the final commits messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any notes, remarks or open questions you have to make about the PR which don't need to go into the final commit message.
```
